Update docs for API-only users (#45606)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleetctl.md

#### Create API-only user

> On Fleet Premium, starting in Fleet 4.85.0, you can create API-only users directly from the Fleet UI. Navigate to **Settings > Users > Create user** and select the **API-only** option. From the UI you can also restrict the user to a specific list of API endpoints, which narrows access without expanding permissions beyond the user's role (for example, a team admin granted access to the [Update configuration](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#update-configuration) endpoint will still receive a `403` response, because that endpoint is restricted to global admins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an API-only user, navigate to **Settings > Users > Create user** and select the **API-only** option. 

You can optionally restrict the user to a specific list of API endpoints, which narrows access without expanding permissions beyond the user's role (for example, a team admin granted access to the [Update configuration](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#update-configuration) endpoint will still receive a `403` response, because that endpoint is restricted to global admins).
```

@lucasmrod tweaked/shortened the language. API-only users are available in Fleet Free, right?

Reviewer: <img width="680" height="487" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/049534ba-c92e-45f2-968f-7c8cc83e41bb" />

Author: Ah, the second part (API-endpoints) is the premium-only feature.
